---
title: Options Wizard
description: >-
  This article explains how to use the Options wizard to adjust and change your
  SysKit Trace configuration.
author: Vinko Bedek
date: 1/16/2020
---

# Options Wizard

## General

Here you can change the startup options:
* Snapshot Location - change this to the location where you want to store the snapshots with the collected settings from your tenant.
* Enable Verbose logging – use this only for diagnostics purposes or when asked by the support team.
* Adjust proxy settings.
* Turn on the automatic update check.

## Report Options

Allows you to customize how documents are saved. Tags used while constructing the header and footer are: **CompanyName, Logo, AppName, Date, Page, TotalPages and Server.**

By using the \| separator, the location of each tag can be specified i.e. if the header is set to **{CompanyName}\|\|{Logo}**, the company name will appear in the upper left corner of the page, the upper center will be blank, and the upper right corner of the page will contain the logo \(if uploaded\).

The default footer is set to **Generated by {AppName} on {Date}\|Page {Page}/{TotalPages}** i.e. the application name and the date the export was made will appear in the lower left corner of the page, the lower center will be blank and the lower right corner of the page will contain the number of the page currently opened along with the total page number.

Here you can also change the report throttling options:
* Modify the maximum number of rows in a report.
* Modify the maximum number of rows supported in report export.

## Snapshot Options

Allows you to customize the default configuration settings that are collected when a snapshot is created. This selection is used in two places:
1. the default mode of the Take Snapshot Wizard
2. by the SysKit Trace service when creating a snapshot


## Compare

Here you can define with which snapshot the current one is compared when detecting configuration changes.

1. **Previous snapshot** - the current snapshot is compared with the last snapshot taken. 
2. **Last good configuration** - with this option selected, the current snapshot is compared with the latest snapshot that is marked as good. 
3. **Selected snapshots** - when this option is selected, you can choose between all your snapshots taken beforehand.

{% hint style="warning" %}
**Please note!**  
If you choose option 2. and there are no snapshots marked as good, SysKit Trace will compare the current snapshot to the last snapshot taken. The same rule applies if you choose option 3. and the selected snapshot gets deleted.
{% endhint %}

This section also allows you to define which objects should be compared in the Compare Wizard. The selection you make here will be used as a default template when comparing two Office 365 tenants, but you can modify it directly in the Compare Wizard each time you use it.
